Slide 1: Ashley
Hi class, we are group 9 and this is our phase 3 presentation for the home credit default risk project. Our group members are Rakesh, Joel, Suriya, and Ashley.

Slide 2 contents: Ashley
We will give you an overview of our project, review the data prep, EDA, and modeling we performed, display our results, and discuss the issues that arose.

Slide 3 overview: Ashley
For phase 3 of our project, we focused on improving our phase 2 results by incorporating a neural network.

Slide 4 data prep 1: Rakesh
Previously, we joined all the data sources together and removed features that either had a high amount of missing data or were highly correlated with other features.

Slide 5 data prep 2: Rakesh
Here we can see the details behind the data consolidation.

Slide 6 feature list: Rakesh 
We utilized a total of 240 features.

Slide 7 EDA: Rakesh
This slide displays some of our EDA.

Slide 8 data handling pipeline: Rakesh
Throughout our pipeline, we engineered many new features and cleaned the data.

Slide 9 sampling method: Joel
We randomly split the data into 80% for train and 20% for test. We then split the training data into 80% train and 20% validation.

Slide 10 modeling pipeline: Joel
This slide visually shows our pipeline.

Slide 11 ANN: Joel
For this phase, we focused on building a neural network in Pytorch. This slide visually represents our network.

Slide 12 ensemble: Joel
Our best performing model was an ensemble of models, stacking a neural network, XGBoost, and light GBM. 

Slide 13 results: Joel
This ensemble scored 78.44 for train area under the ROC.

Slide 14 kaggle: Suriya
After submitting our best run for this phase to Kaggle, we are in 3,651st place.

Slide 15 issues: Suriya
The main issues that arose in phase 3 include the size of the data and that Sklearn is not optimized for neural networks. Also, SVM never completed due to the data size.

Slide 16 conclusion: Suriya
In conclusion, we performed EDA, tested a variety of modeling methods, and achieved a respectable score against other Kaggle users.
